# Section E

### Code analysis: `Task` methods

The `Task` model has several autogenerated methods.  What are they and what do they do?  Put your answers below.


####    tasks GET    /tasks(.:format)                tasks#index {:exclude=>[:show]} 
This method is the index file, and gives us the list of tasks and the ability to go everywhere else in the app.

####          POST   /tasks(.:format)                tasks#create {:exclude=>[:show]} **

This is the index route with the POST method, and is for creating a new task from the new task form.

#### new_task GET    /tasks/new(.:format)            tasks#new {:exclude=>[:show]} **
This is the GET method for going to the new task form.
####edit_task GET    /tasks/:id/edit(.:format)       tasks#edit {:exclude=>[:show]}
This is the GET method for seeing the form to edit a task with.
####     task GET    /tasks/:id(.:format)            tasks#show {:exclude=>[:show]}
This is the GET method for seeing a single task without the ability to edit title or desc.
####          PATCH  /tasks/:id(.:format)            tasks#update {:exclude=>[:show]}
Similar to PUT, but using the newer method PATCH to edit a task.
####          PUT    /tasks/:id(.:format)            tasks#update {:exclude=>[:show]}
This updates a task from the edit task form.
####          DELETE /tasks/:id(.:format)            tasks#destroy {:exclude=>[:show]}
This obviously deletes (destroys) a task.

### Server Configuration: `RabbitMQ`

[RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com) is an open source Message Queuing server. It supports the Advanced Message Queueing Protocol (AMQP 0-8,0-9(-1)) and is implemented in Erlang. RabbitMQ uses Erlang for cluster management and for permanent storage of messages in the queue (in case of server failure).

It also, unfortunately, uses Erlang syntax for configuration.

#### The Question

Provide the contents of a simple configuration file which disables TCP keepalive.  Note: RabbitMQ default to TCP keepalive being on ;).

*** PLACE THE RabbitMQ CONFIG CONTENTS HERE ***

### Testing & Code Review

#### Testing

Place answers for Testing questions in the standard Rails location.  Comments detailing the tests are generally useful, but not required.

#### Code Review

Place answers for Code Review questions inline with the code being reviewed. Begin each code review comment with `### REVIEW: [your comment here]` to make finding them easier (only the first line of a multiline comment needs to be prefixed).  There isn't necessarily a right or wrong way to conduct a code review.  Be as strict as you are 'in the wild' so to speak.  The only required code review comments are for code that seems erroneous.

